HIGH PRIORITY: IMPLEMENT MODERN UI/UX CHOICES
information modification
1. Make IOS more user friendly by zooming things 
2. Our story/WHY we started awareness, confidence, empowerment. Home invasion- active shooter - I can work with you on this or use Chat gbt
3. Remove 100% Satisfaction, change to Hand-to-hand Self Defenses
4. 3000+ Trained Students, 15 Training Programs, 8+ years experience
5. Where does the answer to the questionnaire go?
6. First name, last name after they finish questionnaire 
7. Training Programs: Firearm Simulator Training, Self Defense Training, UDT Indoor Range, Workshops - I will provide more info for every individual
8. Your Training Path: Instead of diving into the levels just put the patches White -Black
9. After the patches add in "How to throw off the threats OODA Loop" 
 Assessment, Draw, move, communicate, de-escalate, if they reach, shoot
10. Training Packages: Don't include Pricing or enrollment/background fee. 12 month commitment 11. Frequently asked questions: What every AI you used for the questions, state the there are no real firearms involved in our facility
12.remove the safety protocol question.
13. Proficiency training we suggest at least 2 times a month
14. No one-on-one classes, but it is small groups with a max of 5 people per class
15.  Age requirement is 18+ we do not have youth programs
16. What to expect in your free class: below is exactly what we
✅ Grip, stance, sight picture, trigger control ✅ Drawing from concealment & commands ✅ De-escalation & legal considerations ✅ Real-life threat simulation to test your response under pressure 17. Our map/location is 160 S. Old Springs rd suite 155, Anaheim, 92808 18. Training Hours: Monday-Friday 9am-8pm, Saturday-Sunday 8am-5pm 19. Contact email: anaheimhills@uniteddefensetactical.com 20. At the way bottom. Real World Tactical Training for Civilians, Law Enforcement & Military 21. Fix contact info on the bottom 22. Programs: Use the programs i mentioned above. Add in CCW program as well
